src/main/doc/index.adoc, before:

= Unconventional Spring Project
GeoZac;
:doctype: book
:icons: font
:source-highlighter: highlightjs
:toc: left
:toclevels: 4
:sectlinks:

[[overview]]
== Overview
Documentation for the Unconventional Spring Project

[[overview-http-verbs]]
== HTTP verbs

Unconventional Spring Project tries to adhere as closely as possible to standard HTTP and REST conventions in its use of HTTP verbs.

|===
| Verb | Usage

| `GET`
| Used to retrieve a resource

| `POST`
| Used to create a new resource

| `PATCH`
| Used to update an existing resource, including partial updates

| `DELETE`
| Used to delete an existing resource
|===

Unconventional Spring Project tries to adhere as closely as possible to standard HTTP and REST conventions in its use of HTTP status codes.

|===
| Status code | Usage

| `200 OK`
| The request completed successfully

| `201 Created`
| A new resource has been created successfully.

| `400 Bad Request`
| The request was malformed. The response body will include an error providing further information.

| `401 Unauthorized`
| lacks valid authentication credentials for the requested resource.

| `404 Not Found`
| The requested resource did not exist
|===

== Constants

=== SensorStatus

include::consts/sensorStatus.adoc[]

=== SensorLocationType

include::consts/sensorLocationType.adoc[]

== Entities

Following are the entities associated with this project

=== Environmental Reading

    The EnvironmentalReading class represents environmental readings, including temperature, humidity, timestamp, and associated sensor system information.

include::entity/environmentalReading.adoc[]

=== Sensor System

    The SensorSystem class represents a sensor system information, including its unique identifier, sensor name, location, user information, and additional thresholds and readings.

include::entity/sensorSystem.adoc[]

=== Sensor Location

    The SensorLocation class represents a sensor's location with associated details like the latitude and longitude of the location of sensor, whether the sensor system is situated indoors or outdoors

include::entity/sensorLocation.adoc[]

=== Unconvuser

    The UnconvUser class represents user information, including a unique identifier, username, email, and password.

include::entity/unconvUser.adoc[]

== API Documentation
=== Environmental Reading
include::api/EnvironmentalReading/api.adoc/[]

=== SensorSystem
include::api/SensorSystem/api.adoc[]

=== SensorLocation
include::api/SensorLocation/api.adoc[]

=== UnconvUser
include::api/UnconvUser/api.adoc[]

Commit message:

src: doc: entity: sensorAuthToken: Init
- Link to index file too

src/main/doc/index.adoc, after:

= Unconventional Spring Project
GeoZac;
:doctype: book
:icons: font
:source-highlighter: highlightjs
:toc: left
:toclevels: 4
:sectlinks:

[[overview]]
== Overview
Documentation for the Unconventional Spring Project

[[overview-http-verbs]]
== HTTP verbs

Unconventional Spring Project tries to adhere as closely as possible to standard HTTP and REST conventions in its use of HTTP verbs.

|===
| Verb | Usage

| `GET`
| Used to retrieve a resource

| `POST`
| Used to create a new resource

| `PATCH`
| Used to update an existing resource, including partial updates

| `DELETE`
| Used to delete an existing resource
|===

Unconventional Spring Project tries to adhere as closely as possible to standard HTTP and REST conventions in its use of HTTP status codes.

|===
| Status code | Usage

| `200 OK`
| The request completed successfully

| `201 Created`
| A new resource has been created successfully.

| `400 Bad Request`
| The request was malformed. The response body will include an error providing further information.

| `401 Unauthorized`
| lacks valid authentication credentials for the requested resource.

| `404 Not Found`
| The requested resource did not exist
|===

== Constants

=== SensorStatus

include::consts/sensorStatus.adoc[]

=== SensorLocationType

include::consts/sensorLocationType.adoc[]

== Entities

Following are the entities associated with this project

=== Environmental Reading

    The EnvironmentalReading class represents environmental readings, including temperature, humidity, timestamp, and associated sensor system information.

include::entity/environmentalReading.adoc[]

=== SensorAuthToken

    This class represents an authentication token for a sensor system. It contains details about the token, its expiry date, and the associated sensor system.

include::entity/sensorAuthToken.adoc[]

=== Sensor System

    The SensorSystem class represents a sensor system information, including its unique identifier, sensor name, location, user information, and additional thresholds and readings.

include::entity/sensorSystem.adoc[]

=== Sensor Location

    The SensorLocation class represents a sensor's location with associated details like the latitude and longitude of the location of sensor, whether the sensor system is situated indoors or outdoors

include::entity/sensorLocation.adoc[]

=== Unconvuser

    The UnconvUser class represents user information, including a unique identifier, username, email, and password.

include::entity/unconvUser.adoc[]

== API Documentation
=== Environmental Reading
include::api/EnvironmentalReading/api.adoc/[]

=== SensorSystem
include::api/SensorSystem/api.adoc[]

=== SensorLocation
include::api/SensorLocation/api.adoc[]

=== UnconvUser
include::api/UnconvUser/api.adoc[]
